this video is brought to you by
Squarespace hello everyone and welcome
to gays Behaving Badly the podcast
YouTube show that Neil Patrick Harris
will absolutely never come on my name is
James
you okay over there hi I'm Nick I'm I'm
Nick that's Nick
um
yeah welcome to the show
um today we are talking about what are
we talking about today today we are
talking about the gay glass ceiling and
the pressure that a lot of queer
creators are under to produce excellent
media will continue to being invisible
while continuing to be invisible
um which is it's something that's been
coming closer and closer to mind for me
um because you know I'm seeing a lot of
uh a lot of shows coming out that have
queer creators like like Heart Stopper
for instance Alice oseman is an
executive producer on that as well as
the author of The the books on which
it's based
um and I'm seeing like a lot of queer
creators getting one really big hit but
basically being ignored like they're not
being kind of like head hunted as like
oh we want you to do a show for us next
and there's really only like a couple
that get that treatment whereas you find
you know straight white show runners or
straight white writers in Hollywood who
just get handed million dollar gig after
million dollar gig and this is something
that has been kind of on my mind for
some time ever since especially since
before I published my book gentlemen's
club available on Amazon and it and and
at nthurgot.com
um so uh like I've kind of really felt
that crunch too like you know how much
more meticulous I need to be about the
media that I create which has actually
affected the media that I output yeah I
just don't put out as much because I I
I'm so terrified that it's not up to a
standard that is going to uh need to be
what it needs to be in order to be
noticed we are going to talk about that
today and how that how and our
observation with how we're looking at
that in the culture yeah
okay so is that the is that is that the
introduction is that
um segment one uh like and we do want to
specify that naturally We There are
queer we're not saying that there aren't
any queer creators out there or is that
there aren't any Stellar queer creators
we're outlining that they're in spite of
some very talented creators in all
Fields queer people
um there there's this kind of uh what's
the metaphor I can use like an iron
curtain like something like that like a
lavender curtain the lavender curtain uh
title for the video
um it's like even if they're popular and
even in queer spaces like these these
people are kind of held up for like kind
of a one once and done yeah because like
I was I actually looked up a list
earlier today
um basically it was like the 50 most
influential gays in Hollywood and other
than six of them and I wrote the six of
them down and we're actually going to
talk about them in this video
um
most of them are basically just actors
who produce stuff for themselves to be
in because they're not being cast
because they're out yeah and so it's
like okay if 40 of them on the list are
just actors who are trying to make sure
that they have jobs yeah how are they
actually powerful and how do how does
that compare to the power of like the
one or two that we'll get into who
actually have pull in Hollywood yeah and
yeah and just like how what they have to
be to get that pull yeah
um and like like I said like how why is
it that you know a straight white
screenwriter can get you know million
dollar job after million dollar job
writing these gigantic movies that may
or may not make any money and they
constantly get forgiven if they're
complete bombs but if a great Creator
makes something like you know I'm not a
fan of bros but Billy Eichner for
instance you know is Billy Eichner gonna
get given another 30 million dollar
movie going on and like just touching on
that like we give them a hard time
however one of the arguments I saw
around the time of the movie being
realized oh this is a flop
um was the discussion like okay gay
people straight people get their bad
rom-coms all the time yeah it's fair
that we have one or two also
um yeah so like there are some straight
rom-coms that are a hell of a lot worse
than Bros and I don't think we've ever
said Billy arkner should just not get
work because like we said like there are
straight creators who continue like
they're they're constantly on the grind
oh yeah um it takes a if you get that if
you're a straight crater and you get
that straight man specifically a
straight white man and you get that one
good movie The amount of free passes you
get Matthew McConaughey has made some
horrible movies and he still gets
gigantic paychecks yeah and like quite
frankly I think that you know even
though he has an Oscar I find that his
Oscar acting is very interchangeable I
think most of his acting
you know no Tino shade but yeah yeah
Matthew McConaughey is very good at one
thing yeah and that said like it's it's
not like we're saying these people
should not Nicholas Cage another good
example so yeah we're going to get into
the actual meat of the video now but
before we do that we're going to have a
little ad read because this video is in
fact sponsored which a lot of our videos
have been recently thank you this video
is brought to you by Squarespace
building a site with Squarespace is a
great way to build your brand and reach
a wider audience I know a lot of amazing
artists watch our videos and
squarespace's members areas and high
quality desktop and mobile photo
galleries are a great way to Showcase
your art and their monetization services
offer a safe and trackable way to get
paid for your commissions Nick and I
have had a presence on social media for
a while now and obviously this channel
but the channel itself hasn't had a
website before until today using
squarespace's incredibly intuitive and
easy to use tools we've built the James
Summerton Channel website featuring a
Blog where Nick and I write about topics
that probably wouldn't make for a full
video a special section where you can
check out preview chapters of my
upcoming novel as well as check out
Nick's novel gentlemen's club and using
squarespace's video hosting feature
we're even able to give you access to
videos that YouTube made us remove head
to squarespace.com for a free trial and
when you're ready to launch go to
squarespace.com
James S that's
j-a-m-e-s-s to save ten percent off of
your first purchase of a website or
domain start showing the world how
amazing you are today with Squarespace
and you guys can check out the Channel's
website at
www.jamesummerton.com the first thing we
want to talk about is like who qualifies
as a successful Creator
um in the world uh and this is kind of
where the list comes in like we wanted
to talk about that like yeah so I have a
list of six people here who are well
seven people six entries yes sorry about
that seven people six entries among the
gays he's considered very successful
because for a gay producer in Hollywood
he is very successful and that's Greg
berlante uh if you don't know who Greg
berlanti is he is the Mind behind all of
the cwdc stuff the arrowverse
um the flash all of that as well as
Riverdale and the movie love Simon and
so he is as far as the CW goes he is
King of the CW like he's like the Kevin
foggy of the CW yeah like he has control
over that with an iron grip and you know
it helps that it's the shows are really
popular like you can argue the quality
of them but most of them are really
popular so he knows how to hit the pulse
yeah which is a rare Talent actually
like it's a very rare Talent like
whether you're making art media or pop
media knowing how to not Pander but just
service your audience is something that
is
that's one of the rarest artistic skills
you have that are out there yeah and he
has dozens of shows going at any given
time like it's not just like oh he works
on Arrow and then next year he works on
the flash he has dozens of shows going
uh all at once on the CW and movies and
like he's a very very busy fella and I
would be curious let me know in the
comments below did you know he existed
before that like I I've heard before
before like us letting you know I have
heard of him I've heard him talked about
because like I I'm me probably mostly
like we were roommates for a very long
time I heard bleed over from your living
space
um for podcasts and YouTube and stuff
and you kind of come over and talk to me
like hey you want to hear what happened
today in Hollywood yeah
um and the answer was always generally
yes because that drama like lots of
drama uh the drama is like electric
electrolytes for the gays
um so the next one that I I have listed
here is Russell T Davies who a lot of
nerds will obviously know of because he
is the showrunner for Doctor Who
Um he is the one who brought Doctor Who
back from a long Hiatus it stopped in
the 80s I think and he brought it back
um in 2005. starting with the ninth for
the movie and then the Ninth Doctor
yeah and then it was the Ninth Doctor
Who the War Doctor was the movie I think
and then uhuvian's in the in chat in
comments will correct me yeah I I
haven't watched Good Doctor Who before
but I'm going to check out the new
season
um and it's been staggering like
successful since he hugely successful
huge and he also created Queer as Folk
and he has done any number of British
person right and and a executive
produced the American version too okay
um and he's done any number of queer
related shows in England it's a sin
probably being the most
um revered of them but you know talk to
someone outside of queer or nerd spaces
they don't know who the hell Russell T
Davies is yeah another one is Cindy
Holland who's an executive at Netflix
she is the executive that made Orange is
the New Black Hat this is a name I have
not heard yeah I didn't hear it either
she made sex education happen which is
another huge hit or just the New Black
I've never even heard of her before
Orange is the New Black is basically
what put Netflix on the map like Netflix
Netflix creative products Orange is the
New Black and house of cards came out
like very similar but I think I heard
about Orange is the New Black before
House of Cards
um and people just died for that like
yeah Orange is the New Black is one of
those rare Netflix shows that lasted for
like seven or eight seasons yeah yeah
and then we have the Wachowski sisters
who have done a lot of stuff you know
sense8 is the most popular among the
queer audience but Sensei never found an
audience big enough to justify it being
renewed for a full third season
um
and really although they are known by
the the wider audience they're really
only known for the Matrix even though
they have done other stuff they've done
Cloud Atlas they've done Speed Racers
everybody rips apart Speed Racer it's a
fun movie it also just looks gorgeous oh
it's an amazing movie like if they could
re-release Speed Racer and HDR in 3D I'd
go see that uh you did Jupiter Ascending
they did one other one they were
director they were producers on V for
Vendetta yeah they produced V for
Vendetta uh which you know I definitely
got a lot SM Wachowski feels off of that
and the thing about the wachowskis is I
don't think they're bad directors I
think they're quite good as directors
um it's just for some reason their
movies aren't don't do and the thing is
like when you watch the wachowski's
movies
none of them are any weirder than the
Matrix yeah it's just for some reason
the Matrix
happened at just the right moment I also
think like Cloud Atlas is no weirder
than the Matrix but it was considered a
much more like artsy movie I actually
really like Cloud Atlas I I read the
book I thought the book is phenomenal I
let I heard that the book uh was more
sequential it had more of a structure
whereas in the the movie was more
parallel I should watch the movie to
kind of compare it to the book it has
your guy in there the one the gay actor
you really like he was cute oh oh Ben
winshaw yeah he actually played a gay
character but uh next person on the list
uh yeah the next person on the list is
Victoria Alonso who was Kevin feige's
number two at Marvel Studios for since
the beginning of Marvel Studios yes and
she was an incredibly powerful gay woman
of color like she was a force to be
reckoned with in Hollywood yeah and she
just got fired and the excuse is that
she was uh the basically uh it was that
she was in control of the special
effects and and the special effects have
been suffering and it's all her fault
and so she got fired she was basically
the scapegoat for the Marvel movies
having not done well recently but they
didn't but people don't seem to take
into account that she was also in charge
of the special effects for end game and
uh Captain America the Winter Soldier
specifically yeah and like all of that
the one that she should get credit for
is
um
Thanos yeah the the first endgame movie
Infinity War yeah because Thanos was
that that was schmiegel quality
um just for how you you saw pores on his
face yeah like it was it was
phenomenally well done and like she's
not a visual effects artist but she is a
she was the producer in charge of that
and she obviously had many more roles
within the MCU
um but Disney fired her she was the
scapegoat for basically why Marvel
movies aren't doing well right now and
you know she she got the blame for it
and a lot of people were like oh she's
she's she's mean but now a lot of people
are coming around and kind of seeing
wait a minute
yeah because if you fired Kevin feige
because [ __ ] was messing up then you
know then everyone sees oh we have a
problem here but if you fire Victoria
Alonso who most people don't know who
she is then it makes it seem like you're
correcting something you're correcting a
mistake that's that isn't like that big
of a mistake yeah and okay
yeah yeah and so
apparently she was also very vocal about
Disney's silence on the downstairs
and it is very vocal about them erasing
gay characters and uh even like Pride
Flags out of Marvel movies and it has
come out that she that that's actually a
component for why they wanted to get rid
of her because she was very quote
annoying yeah so this is all just to
sort of highlight the kind of
positions of authority that queer
creatives need to have to be recognized
even on a yeah like subdermal level the
second in command of the MCU
even at that phase of your career you're
Expendable yeah you yeah
and that's the thing like we look at
um Victoria Alonso Ryan Murphy
specifically is the biggest yeah I was
leaving Ryan Murphy for last because
Ryan Murphy is the the the the the the
outlier for all of these like Greg
brilanti is very well known you know
because as within geek circles and some
gay circles because he is a gay
executive basically running the DC
Universe at CW at the CW but Ryan Murphy
you know he got a billion dollar deal
with Netflix and they have already made
that money back because of Dahmer but
like you look at Ryan Murphy's work and
you have Glee American Horror Story
American Crime Story pose
um
and some of his shows flop horrendously
and he does get the sort of
um the golden teeth the oopsie Daisy you
can come back and try again but like
it's the fact that like for the number
of whites for the we'll just say
privilege for the number of privileged
producers and creatives who get that
golden parachute who get the oopsie
Daisy card yeah
um
and Greg berlenty like he hasn't kind of
made anything really particularly
floppish
um I mean there's been stuff in the DC
the the CW stuff that like Batgirl or
Batwoman I think it's just the fact that
you know what he what does succeed
succeed so hard that they're afraid to
get rid of him because like when he hits
he hits well yeah like okay yeah he you
know messed up and you know Batwoman
wasn't a huge success but then there's
Riverdale yeah then there's Riverdale
and Riverdale prints money for them
um and you know the flash was printing
money for them I think the flash is over
now but
um era was for the first half of it
printed money yeah a lot of the fandom
apparently fell off and so you know
that's that's
why he was given love Simon because he
they were like yeah you're a TV guy but
we'll let you do this because your your
TV stuff is so successful a very
different Beast than Ryan Murphy whereas
Ryan Murphy kind of used Glee and kind
of to springboard himself into much more
prestigious media like well that's
that's Ryan Murphy kind of worked on a
lot of stuff Ryan Murphy really kind of
Hit the scene with nip talk yeah
um which kind of that's where producers
found out who he was yeah and then he
paired up with Brad falchuk to make uh
Glee and then Glee took off into the
stratosphere well that's what I mean
like basically flea was kind of very TV
it was very pop and like he kind of used
that to make American Horror Story and
the other things which did have a much
more level of prestige whereas Greg Burr
uh yeah like American Horror Story was
like oh you want to win an Emmy like go
to American Horse whereas Greg brilliant
he's much more pop he's much more fluff
and that's not saying derogatory no it's
not saying like you know he's good at
what he does like I gave him a glowing
compliment earlier like but um so
there's these two kind of uh homos and
Hollywood homos
um and like
there are so many other creative queer
people in Hollywood like why is it just
kind of coalesce around them and uh and
Billy Porter that's another one I want
to talk about when we're talking about
like queers that are struggling like
yeah like Billy Porter is someone who
even the Straits know who Billy Porter
is like Billy Porter shows up at every
red carpet and is fabulous beyond belief
yeah so even the Straits know who he is
like he said in interviews he can't get
cast as straight characters but he also
kick a cast as gay character and like
that's really interesting to me because
it kind of feeds into my idea that
um Hollywood sees queerness as a role it
sees it as an act and if you are queer
then you're not acting yeah the thing
that I've noticed quite a bit is that
Hollywood isn't totally against pushing
gay actors but they do seem to have a
problem with gay actors of color yeah uh
like Billy Porter for instance and you
know like the cast of Fire Island Fire
Island was supposed to be a theatrical
release and then it got shunted over to
Hulu and I think if that had been a
movie starring a bunch of white gay
actors yeah I part of me thinks it
wouldn't have gotten shunted over to
Hulu I will also and it was also much
better than Bros and it should have gone
to theaters because it would have made
money and then we would have had a gay
success story thank you I also would
like to elaborate on that and say I
don't think that Hollywood has much of a
memory or ability to remember more than
one or two gay actors whatsoever and
that includes lesbians
um so it's kind of one for him one for
her
um and everyone else can kind of just
find their own kind of like Niche
project projects and you know queer
Independent films and
um but it's definitely a
job being a judge on drag race
you know Hollywood you know is pressured
to put diversity in their movies so they
find one or two
uh uh actors of these diverse categories
they're willing to play by the rules and
everyone else is like okay we filled our
spot yeah we filled our position yeah
and it's less it's not as dire when it
comes to writers and directors yeah
because you know they're behind the
camera their personal lives aren't kind
of scrutinized the way they act they're
not the stars or the cameras aren't
pointed to that thing exactly
um but then at the same time name a gay
director that is a Spielberg or a
Tarantino yeah or a Scorsese or uh
Christopher Nolan or like name a gay
director who is in that League I feel
like even though it is easier to sort of
get by and there are plenty of gay
directors who are very successful none
of them have reached that kind of high
iconic Echelon iconic is a good way to
put it yeah and what this is a bit of a
difficult thing for and this is where
it's kind of factoring into where it's
on your mind because you are starting to
trying to get into directing you do want
to reach that level of prestige in terms
of your visuals and you know putting
together a story yeah like I would like
like I don't ever expect any movies I
make to be like considered in the league
with you know Steven Spielberg or Martin
Scorsese or anything like that but I
would like to be able to make movies
that look like they could
um and the the thing that worries me
there
is
there is not really
a gay template for the gay director to
follow whereas you know you do have the
Scorsese the spielbergs the Christopher
Nolans the the tarantinos
um
that you can kind of look at and be like
or even either there are even a handful
of women uh directors you can if you're
a young lady kind of going into film
you'll be like I can do I can do it
because she can because she's yeah like
I could I could try and be Chloe Zhao or
Catherine Bigelow or if you're like a
creator of color there's Ava Duvernay
there's um yeah Ryan coogler there's
Jordan peel uh but even then there's
less of those than there are straight
white men absolutely but I think there's
I I think people like
um Jordan peel and Ryan coogler are far
more household names than name any gay
director and with that let's move to our
next segment
now the break is over because some of
you are watching on patreon or your
YouTube members and you don't have to
watch ads so what's the what's our next
segment next uh our next segment is our
personal experience with this and how
this how we're staring there in the
barrel of this uh the lavender curtain
uh yeah I am calling it that now I I
dubbed it um on the record claiming it I
I think I think I
I think I have much less anxiety about
it than you do so I'll if you don't mind
I'll kind of get my
piece out of the way
um because like I said at the end of the
last segment I do want to be able to
make movies that are considered good
that aren't just gay movies like good
for a gay movie kind of thing that's
something I wanted to talk about earlier
kind of just the idea that you know like
when it comes to queer creators there's
that element of we need to be the best
or we're just gonna be good with the
asterisks of for a queer Creator yeah we
have to if we're not Ryan Murphy we're
nothing yes
um and because I like I said before I
can't think of a gay director that has
reached that kind of top-tier echelon
not for some not for some time and you
know there are amazing gay directors out
there right now who are doing amazing
movies but they are
like they're not
consider they're not spoken of in the
same words as even B tier straight white
dudes yeah yeah like uh I can never
pronounce his name I can never pronounce
his name so I'm not going to because I'm
just going to offend people
um but he's uh directing a short film
about uh gay cowboys with
um yeah he's a movie about gay cowboys
with Pedro Pascal
yeah people in gay media are talking
about it nobody else is and he is I
think one of the best directors of his
generation Pedro Ahmad davar oh I can't
say his last name I'm so sorry but he's
not even spoken of in this with the same
reverence as JJ Abrams yeah but when I
go to like a serviceable mid-tier
director I always go to guy Richie Guy
Ritchie yeah just because I like he's
done some good movies
I guess so but earlier in his career
like some of his movies were like
actually legitimately good okay but I
like it's been a while
was
um uh Aladdin right the live action yeah
um like that just so mid especially when
there were so many opportunities
inviting a directory live action remake
yeah like there are invitations to be
cartoonish in the in these sections
because they're based on cartoons yeah
but like like you said there isn't any
kind of road map for how to get that
sort of top tier like uh prestigious
like yeah like what kind of movie do you
need to make to be considered in that
same tier yeah because there are gay
directors who do make movies that are
just as good and just as good as far as
like production quality and everything
as Martin scorsese's early movies as
Spielberg's early movies yeah the
difference is that even though someone
is making movies just as good as Raging
Bull or just as good as Mean Streets
they're not being given the money to do
Goodfellas they're not being the money
to do the The Departed they're not
getting the money to do Jurassic Park or
you know
Schindler's List or something that
opportunity to you know
rise to the challenge
when it comes to uh writing books like
of being being an author like there is a
little it is what you are yeah it's a
little bit of a different beast and even
like uh with me kind of branching into
writing screenplays like that's also a
bit of a different piece where there are
kind of
um uh gorvadol uh very famous
screenwriter
um
uh maybe yes he wrote Ben Hur maybe he
didn't write Spartacus he did write Ben
Hur and if you watch Ben Hur there's a
lot of clear coding in Ben Hur and he
put that in there on purpose to bug
Charlton Heston uh so um fabulous Queen
um oh just and a great novelist too one
of the greatest
um uh orators
I was going to say just greatest uh like
deathlines of all time was the best
thing that ever happened to Truman
capote's career was his death or dying
was the best thing that ever happened to
Truman capote's career um I wish when
you could be like before Joan Crawford
is dead
good my mother said that when someone
dies you should never say anything bad
only good Joan Crawford is dead good
that's what Betty Davis said when she
found out Joan Crawford had died
uh
um you're not allowed to be [ __ ] like
that anymore no it's heartbreaking
only drag queens are allowed to be that
[ __ ] now
um and only on YouTube so yeah like it's
daunting for me because there are
phenomenal queer our uh authors out
there uh what quarrels like of all
genders and all sexuality do I say no I
was just I was making fun of people who
do
but like
um and this I think this is a problem
with the publishing industry uh gay men
kind of get swept under the rug
um yeah like there's a shelf over here
that is filled with books by that are
just it's like half of the wall is books
about gay people
um the books that you have heard of are
written by women yeah uh women straight
women get bisexual women gay women but
they're written by women other than Adam
Silvera I can't really think of any gay
male author who writes gay male
Centric books where their publisher
really pushed them and with even with
Adam I think I think a lot of that was
Tick Tock like I think like it wasn't so
much the publisher pushing it as
Tick-Tock so like yeah again like I
mentioned part of the thing like I I
because I want to kind of I naturally as
someone have Ambitions of kind of
imagine having Ambitions you know being
the greatest ever
um whether I will or will is another
question but like because I feel like I
have this curtain I have to cross the
lavender curtain yeah uh my coin term my
term coined uh didn't I say lavender
curtain but no what are you talking
about
changing history
that's the lavender curtain
changing history they were roommates so
um because I have that Crossing like I
hold myself to such an immeasurably high
standard of kind of like making sure
that the media I create is like the best
it can possibly be and it's crippling
and because of that I've had to really
begin I really psychologically
reassessed what my career should be
um so I'm now kind of like moving away
from like being like high selling to I
want to have books that are being
remembered yeah which means I need to
put more thought into them which means I
can't write them as fast which means I
can't put them put them out as much yeah
so like and that's kind of that's the
publishing model these days is volume
especially with self-published authors
it's like you the the the the
expectation is you're going to put like
three or four books out a year minimum
um instead of you know traditionally
published authors or Chad published
authors
um who you know every two or three years
the book comes out or if you're someone
like George R Martin
maybe once a decade me having this
channel is probably better than the
overwhelming majority of a lot of other
queer authors out even traditionally
published authors yeah uh so I'm really
grateful for that and I'm hoping that I
can continue to use that as like a
platform and that's something me asking
that's me telling
um that's the condition for my
employment
um the question that comes back too and
it's about like especially because we
meant I want to reiterate that this
isn't something that's unique to queer
people no
um and I mentioned David Duvernay before
like she had Wrinkle in Time that was a
flop why hasn't she worked again since
yeah and she has not been given a movie
since yeah like she's whereas this is
It's a Salma was like a phenomenally
well-regarded movie like she should have
gotten a free pass from that she should
have been she's gotten the best director
Oscar nomination for that but like yeah
she did Wrinkle in Time did not do well
at all and basically has been
blacklisted yeah and um and it's but
it's an open joke right now at Marvel
among people who cover my Marvel that
the people writing Marvel movies right
now
keep getting rehired even though
universally it's agreed that phase four
has been a written [ __ ] show which is
unfortunate because you know like there
there must be more Talent well I mean
there's also
um uh oh I just was just talking about
it Jordan there's also Jordan Peele who
a lot of people but Jordan Peele has
said and here's here's a thing that a
lot of Hollywood doesn't like about
Jordan Peele they've asked him when are
you going to make a white movie and he
said I'm not I believe Toni Morrison got
asked the same question and by Barbara
Walters I think
um
average
um I was asked like when are you going
to write a white book and she said like
the question is inherently racist
because like I'm writing books yeah like
there's no white book there's no black
book I'm writing books that speak to my
experiences and books that I think that
we need in the world yeah
um Jordan peeler said he's not going to
make a white movie yeah um even though
he's including White characters uh like
in um in nope I loved that character the
the
the editor oh yeah yeah I can't remember
his name but he just showed up the skirt
he showed up to film jean jacket in a
skirt and nobody had questions like
that's Hollywood
um I just love that movie so I love both
of his I've only seen you haven't seen
us because yeah you're scared I have
been told that it's scarier
it's not I didn't find us scary but it's
like one of those kind of like
make you think he movies I didn't find
nope to be like that kind of long-term
scary no
um I mean some of the visuals still are
staying staying with me like just the
inside jean jacket uh people being eaten
yeah
um then it's just the crunch yeah but um
again like that there's that idea like
he makes things that stick in your head
that aren't necessarily scary when
you're watching but it's just like I
can't get this out now yeah uh just
ideas like I I just loved
um get out so much yeah I love both of
the ones that I've seen and it's amazing
we deserve that Oscar
like that that was phenomenally written
yeah um it makes me want to see us but I
am a scaredy cat so
there's a thing that's kind of Bot and
maybe he got offered it maybe he didn't
but why was he not direct why is he not
directing blade
oh he'd be really good for that I think
maybe it's because
um he is fairly artistic and Marvel oh
no no not an artistic Marvel doesn't
seem to like that especially after
Chloe's out well yeah they were very
excited about Chloe Zhao and then she
made an artistic movie and they realized
oh artistic movies aren't mainstream
movies oh damn it who's who's um guy who
makes me doing media movies Tyler Perry
Tyler Perry like he you know he's
another one like Ryan coogler who's kind
of really broke he had to make his own
yeah but here's the thing with Tyler
Perry is that Hollywood considers him a
joke yes but he has basically created
his own Hollywood yeah and that's the
thing why do you have built his own
stuff that's what you kind of have to be
in order to succeed as a Creator outside
the hegemony yeah and that's what we're
going to be trying to do with Telos
pictures like we're going to try and
create you know the gay version of what
Tyler Perry has done yeah so like and
that's kind of my solution to uh James's
Quinn term lavender curtain
is like you know like bias for us like
you know if they're gonna keep you out
make your own moon landing base with
Blackjack and hookers
make them like make them sad like
it like the BL industry in Asia like
Hollywood wishes they could like well
that's the thing like and that's going
to be a video that we get into but like
the BL industry is you know it's mostly
written by women but it is an industry
an industry that is about pretty boys
kissing each other and
it is hugely popular even like in China
where it's like the the Chinese
communist government is so homophone
they've started to buckle because it's
just they haven't started to buckle but
they've started they they they let some
you know there's Coatings that's what I
said started to buckle on it yeah and
like in Korea and Taiwan and Thailand
Japan BL is hugely popular yeah and
makes a fortune and Hollywood is like
it's like the comic books industry
ignoring the fact that manga has been
outselling American comic books for the
last decade not just I was telling but
take any one like successful manga it's
outselling every Marvel's profits yeah
like Marvel Comics prophets DC Comics
because you know if you start reading a
comic book it might get canceled in four
issues but if you start reading a manga
you're probably gonna have you're set
like volumes upon volume you're probably
going to get at least like eight volumes
into that
um so like and that's the solution is
kind of when you you feel like like I
like I feel like I don't really have a
road map to the kind of success I want
to reach yeah
um you don't really have a roadmap for
the kind of success you want no like
with Telos I'm kind of like there are
gay movies Studios out there that do do
like gay movies
um
but you know they are they're they're
higher budget than what Telos has to
work with unfortunately but
um
they feel
they don't I don't want to say they feel
cheap they feel low budget yeah and my
hope is to be able to make movies that
look like
they weren't shot looked like they took
six months to shoot yeah instead of you
know shot in three weeks yeah and that's
the hope and trying to you know Elevate
things not that there's anything wrong
with what we have but also kind of just
break that the glass ceiling yeah
um and so that's kind of my optimistic
ending to that
yeah and and hopefully there is you know
optimism out there that you know there
although the Our Generation and the
generation coming up and everything we
don't really have the the the the
um the road map set out like a lot of
CIS hat people do yeah but maybe we'll
not necessarily us but hopefully us but
you know people of our generation will
make that road map yeah like in place
the Trailblazers basically yeah and it's
I mean like there's a lot of I find
people a privilege would put a lot of
pressure in me like oh I want to be a
Trailblazer disrupter it's hard it is
hard work to kind of think of yourself
as like oh I'm kind of doing something
that you know I don't really have a
guide for yeah
um and honestly I would rather not be a
Trailblazer I would rather just make
good [ __ ] art like yeah
straights we're coming for your jobs
uh so I just want to thank Squarespace
for sponsoring this video You're going
to hear a lot about Squarespace in the
coming months because they've been very
generous with us and uh yeah so that's
the end of the video leave your comments
down below like subscribe comment uh
ring that Bell so that YouTube might do
what it's supposed to do and actually
let you know when new videos come out
just maybe maybe uh and check out our
website jamesumberton.com for blogs and
videos that YouTube doesn't want you to
watch my name is James I'm Nick thank
you so much for watching we'll be back
in a couple of days with another video
[Music]
foreign
okay
I'm okay
[Music]
cause I'll see you again